This repository is for the docker project mclovis/ubuntu-developer. It contains servers, code management and retrieval processes, as well as code editors to complement a developer's environment. Currently, apache2, nginx, jetty, postgresql, and mongodb are the server processes. Git and Maven are there for code management, curl and wget for
code retrieval, and finally nano and vim to act as code editors. Vundle, a vim plugin management tool, has been provided (with some plugins already install in the .vimrc) to
allow the user to download and use the plugins best for the language(s) needed. These plugins include syntax highlighting, auto-completion, compilation, file management for a project, etc. Installed on ubuntu there are various .nanorc files that do much of the same and can be used with include statememnts in the .nanorc file. Open JDK has been replaced with the current version of Oracle's 1.8 version. All of the processes are the newest versions, and in fact, java, jetty, and mongodb are hand installed in the /opt directory due to issues and/or versions with the apt repository. NVM, NPM, and Node.js are installed. Using those, bower, grunt, jasmine, angular, bootstrap, jquery, jquery-ui, and http-server javascript libraries are also on the image. Open ssl (client and server) has also been installed. 

This image is built using the 14.10 base image of Ubuntu. The Docker file and tarball needed to build the base locally is found in the ubuntu directory. That project can be found on Dockerhub or GitHub at tianon/docker-brew-ubuntu-core. The .tar.gz files included in the root are for the ADD directive in the dockerfile. Inside of DVvundleVimMgr.tar.gz are the modified .bashrc, .vimrc and .nanorc that are installed in /root directory for use by the root user. The initial password for root is dev. Both database servers' data directories are in /data/db. The original Docker file made that a volume (to allow the data files to be stored locally) and exposed ports for the different servers.  In order to have the smalled image possible, the built version has been exported and reimported. This causes the meta-data to be lost including the volume mount and exposed ports. When running the image you should use the -p - P -H -v (etc) options to include these and more options. 

I hope this image is useful to some. 

Also: The java tarball (DVjava.tar.gz) has been split into 4 smaller files for storage and
transfer. They are oracle-java.tar.gz-part-aa, oracle-java.tar.gz-part-ab,
oracle-java.tar.gz-part-ac, and oracle-java.tar.gz-part-ad. After checkout, return the file parts back into the whole by  cat oracle* >> DVjava.tar.gz
